Hello.So...
We were talking about FDR memorial.so...
Do you think those are good? FDR memorial and
The Korean War Memorial. Yeah.
We hit all the other ones, yeah.
No. Or do you want to go up more closer to the Washington Memorial?
Okay, okay.
um like i was thinking like what do you think like that thursday
When we, okay, we leave.
Thursday, right?And we'll get in Thursday
evening and then we have that Friday morning available.
until  competition starts at four o'clock.
Did you want to,Um...
Did you want to um...When you, um...
Did you guys want time to study in the morning or do you want to go sightseeing in the morning?
we have like the whole day
Really?
because we don't have time.... on the tail end.
Because it's Sunday. We have that whole...
Morning.
and up till like 4 in the afternoon.
We start sunny. Do you want to just go?
or get up early in the morning.
go get, and,and that's where I was thinking we should go to the National Gallery.Then,
And it's just an art museum, but I think three hours is enough.
And then we'll go grab lunch.
And,um.. after go grabbing lunch, we could...
Just go to...
John Hopkins and find the space and just study for two hours.
or so. Is that okay? So morning will do.
Or would you guys get tired because the...
Prelims are in the evening. Do you rather kind of sleep in in the morning?
Yeah,you are right.
Yes, the museum doesn't open until...
I don't know, maybe he's museum like 10-ish, right?
Or we could do is, we could do...
Instead of going to the museum, like the state capitol is right there.
So we could just, we won't go inside the state capitol, but take pictures.
Around the building
Walk by the White House.
I don't know, would that be interesting?
Okay. When did you go to the White House?
Last summer.
Ho...
Actually, the cherry blossom maybe.
That be nice. Cherry blossom.
Yeah...
Like walking over there.
Or we can also, but if we're gonna go there on
Sunday before we go home.
Let me first call up the,Um...
the transfer. Did you like the...
Taxi drive- not taxi driver.
They were nice, right? That was a really good company.
I think I'm going to ask them again.Yeah...
see like the thing is if we're flying out of dc
See it Like, Ronald Reagan?
then it's great because,um..
It's like the airport's only 10-15 minutes away.
So we don't have to leave so early we can maybe like
Hang around Washington, D.C. to about three-ish.
Right, but if we're flying out of Dulles...
international which is 40, 40 minutes away.
then we have to...Um...
We have to wake up. I mean, we have to leave earlier. Like
I don't know, like new-nish? No. Yeah.
Yeah. Okay.
Well, yeah, I have to
Yeah, we need to figure out,um.. what exactly.
Yeah,anything else that you were concerned about for the trip?
you
Which one?(***)
We need help with that.Because
He's very...
all over the place. Yeah.
Yeah, we can talk about that. Okay.
Session.